sing
goddess liquid
smoke Black Water Black
Water Rain Man make it
flow where it goes Nobody
Knows
trickery trick slippery like money
[Music]
my down the rabbit hole you go
you take a little mushroom
mushroom speakers on
Zoom the [ __ ] we spit is fire it's going
up tonight they like to get real high
two Puffs Smoke in your eyes dirty in
the ride flying through through the
night [ __ ] what you heard this [ __ ] a
chronic it'll make you puke and vomit
here comes the comment you can out
running and jumping my laser beam are
solar a real Rock and roller pause
Boutique solong zombie
junking horror films get them high for
the me
my welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse
what am I going to give you tonight what
am I going to give you I'm going to show
you the
oldest
vampire we're going to look into the
mystery so deeply that we see it from
her eyes from her eyes you thought
vampires
things of
fiction things of
unreality dragons and
vampires let's see what the anthropology
says I'm going to take you out as the
ship's getting ready tonight we're going
to end up going right out there back
into the heart of the mystery I'm going
to take you back to the first I'm going
to take you back to the first century
anod Domin oh
I know you'd love to go here with me I
know you do but I'm going to take you
back to a new author somebody that I
haven't shown you yet and we are going
to
see Jesus the
vampire we're going to see did we have
were we able to get that mating of
technology and imagery did we get Jesus
did we get him where is he where is he
Where Are You Jesus show me your form
Jesus I love it I love it you're going
to see this in the text don't let this
disturb you this is the first of your
exposure to
vampires great here we go here we go
let's just go in deep right from the
front well I don't need any compliments
I don't need any criticism we just let's
just go people watch this watch what
happens I'm going to give you a little
bit I just want you to hear a little bit
of Homer and I want you to I want to
introduce you to a
vampire I want to introduce you to a
vampire so here's what's going
on this is odys who's who's talking and
he says look man I didn't mention
anything about
skilla that Unbreakable
leg I didn't so that the sailors
wouldn't get all excited and Crouch down
all afraid and go below deck and huddle
there right I didn't say anything about
skilla who is skila this is the
vampiress that we're looking for this is
the daughter of the lamia do you know
what the lame is do you know what the
Lamey ey
are what are the Lamey eye oh God did
you know the
great christed
Jesus did you know that he cried her
name he cried her name he cried lamea
are you ready to see are you ready to
see what it's all about you're GNA love
put back put Homer back up there give me
homer so look I'm Odus and I can't tell
my men because they're this afraid afid
when they hear the name skila they're
all going to run below deck right these
are these are warriors that he is with
right these your fellow companions that
he's been with at War risking life and
limb yeah and what happens you
mention this vampire's name and
everybody goes hides
okay let's see why what happens here oh
God he says look I also didn't listen to
Cersei remember Cersei is the woman
who's been holding him captive forcing
him to have sex with
her yeah and what does he forgot to do
what she said what did Cersei tell you
to do why she told you don't put on
Armor so what does he do he puts on
Armor right he's on a ship he goes up to
the prow he's look looking as he's
sailing in a ship past the rock that's
jutting out it's a cliff and that's
where
skila
prophesies that's where she
sings do you understand the vampire
sings Here we go we're GNA try to get by
her we're gon to try to get by her but
we know we Sailors we
know uh you mention her no forget it I'm
off you know the war was was fine right
I don't mind dodging arrows but this
stuff this is the heart of the mystery
that turns us all to sheep are you ready
are you ready let's go for it give me
the Keith same one I'm sorry I've just
got I've got to use this one for a
little bit a little bit of a
while so and what happens
wants to see her on that rock and so he
looks but he's unable to grasp or form
there on the Rock give me the next
one what
happens watch this people watch this
people he's Sailing by
[Music]
skilla grabs
grabs six of his men right off the boat
not just any of
them the ones that the biggest and the
strongest guys with the big hands you
know what I mean guys with big hands she
just what happened to him what happened
to him what does this text say odesus
looks up and all he sees is their feet
going up in the air feet and hands
sucked up into the
air what are they doing they're
screaming they're screaming in Unholy
fear and they're calling him they're
calling him as they approach their awful
fate give me the next do we have a
depiction chewy get us the depiction of
the people flying off the
ship right what is she doing she's
reaching down pulling them up she's
reaching down now do you understand this
stuff defies that troan war stuff that
was a lot of arrows and a lot of
charging around punching Shields
stealing armor from dead people you know
typical typical
lastic fair but
this this what is happening in the text
is totally this is strange this is
strange where is the mystery in it let's
see let's see what happens
next right I just want you to
see she is a Fisher okay listen to me
listen to me carefully she this vampire
skilla she's like a
fisherman she'll put her rod down Pull
fish just right she fishes
for
men she is a fisher of
men Homer says that right and he says
what what happened to the men that she
fishes they're all choking and flopping
as she draws them up to the Rock choking
and flopping and what does she do she
eats them she eats
them right on the
spot right on on the spot she eats them
okay now stop the pharmacology of this
is coming there's a
reason right there's a scientific reason
for everything so let's keep looking at
passage isn't she gorgeous don't you
love don't you love this Glimpse who is
she by the way oh my God we're going to
see you know what let's see her in
another form do you know know what these
ladies do they take different forms
because because why because they have
been
resurrected because they have been
brought back they have the
vampire body and the vampire body can
change it's morphe it's shape it's
shape okay all right are you ready did
did what was with all what did you think
all the crows were about my God man um
let's can we just see let's see her in
another form who is that give me that
one
yeah um no she's eating him wait wait
but uh let's see if there is oh he just
goes on odius just goes on and say look
this was the worst thing I saw of
anything that I saw this was the worst
right this is Odus this dude's been half
drowned he's been watched people kill
each other and he's still of everything
he's seen and he watched some bad stuff
this is the
worst this is the worst do you know what
happened they were groaning they were
screaming they were stretching out their
arms to him begging for him to make it
stop to make it stop do you know what
that is oh God
have you ever fed on that blood you know
there's different Bloods right right
these vampires they only they know
different Bloods they know different
Bloods he wasn't as
innocent as he should have been right
how can you tell the blood um give it to
me give it to
me okay there's this place now I'm going
to take you to
skilla in the form of let's say her
sister and she again this says the
Delian say there's this rock on which
this woman stands and she gives out
oracles it's in the middle it's gorgeous
she gives out oracles right temples all
around it and everything big rock
jutting out of the ground and Hara is
her name she stands there on the Rock
she stands on the Rock and what does she
do she's the one everybody else calls
the syil the name cble was the name
given to her she's that first one to
stand there and deliver those
oracles sh the Greeks think that she is
the daughter of Zeus and
lamea Zeus and
lamea right she is that Prophet the one
the libyans called the
[Music]
Cil one the libyans call the
Cil all
right okay
now why is that really important because
as you've been learning satanic
congregation which by the way we jumped
in really fast tonight but I wanted to
bring her out immediately because I'm
going to tell you a story and it's kind
of in the spirit of Halloween but it's
going to it May Scare some of you and
you know it's you know it's certainly
not a PG you know it's in the realm it's
good for families to be able to get
scared together so I'm gonna tell show
you an
account right right I'm gonna show you
an account of what an actual vampire is
what an actual vampire is not a
fictionalized
vampire actual vampire just like we've
been looking at actual witches
right actual kidi right oh God right Bam
Bam take the flask drink right from his
okay let's keep going give me the I
think that was a commercial give me the
next one it's the cup it's the cup of
ganam we're selling
them
today's episode is brought to you by the
cup of gamid
you always drink in
health stop it it's too much P didy I
can't take
it dude niney olds give me this okay
here we go look she's calling the Cil
right give me the next one now I'm gonna
bring you a story are you ready sit back
I want you to sit back before we start
spanking anybody before we start doing
anything I want you to see this for the
reality that it is um this is palus and
he starts out the narrative this way now
there was at Corinth at a time uh man
named Demetrius who studied philosophy
oh God it already sounds boring and he
had embraced in his system all the
masculine Vigor of the cynics of him
favorinus and several of his Works
subsequently made the most generous
mention blah blah hooa like somebody
following Socrates we get down to the
person apollonius who is the person
were're really interested in this is a
dude living in the first century okay
historical
dude first
century went through everything it's
considered a second
Jesus right okay let's see let's see
what happened he's just one of them
right he's one of them were you in the
cult did you understand were you
christed well here's another one and
he's got followers he's got this
follower named minus give me the next
one he's got a follower named
minus are you ready for
this how how can I describe to you minus
I want you to see him he's
tasos
menos his body is very finely
constructed right very finally as if
somebody this word as if SK menal as if
somebody had planned a head and had put
up a
scaffolding I had put up the right
scaffolding you don't have to settle for
a husband by picking them out right you
can design them right would you have
designed that look at him you wouldn't
have designed that right that's what I'm
saying he has a body that is designed
now I want to give me the next one I
want to remind you this is the same
word right it's got the same roots in
it as what Genesis has
right right the Earth was AOS unseen and
aatos without that designed
scaffolding without that
workmanship right now the Hebrew can
just say emptiness emptiness and
emptiness oh good job Timmy God job you
can keep working this is for all the
fans this is for all the fans of Timmy
Timmy you've got to come up with more
than two words look at the complexity of
the Greek you little third
[Music]
grader okay Dy let's go feels so good to
get it out let it out of your system
give me the next one and what else I
just wanted you to notice this is still
back in Genesis Darkness was on the
abyss look at that word Abu right
there's no way look give me the just
show people what an abyss is people I
want you since we're looking at vampires
tonight I want you and by the way I know
that vampires don't turn everyone on I
understand that
not everybody tastes the same look at
Abu sauce bottomless unfathomed what's
the first word after it P guy what are
those those are fountains baby those are
fountains do you understand me we're
talking about that which is unfathomable
we're talking about the infinite
void the infinite void isn't that a nice
place to go where do you want to go the
infinite void
that's where I want to go guess what
you're on your
way it's funny because it's true okay
give me the next one please let's get
back on track with some great from yeah
here we go okay um what else is this guy
mopus right we're talking remember mopus
right young guy right and what is he
he's an athletic halloy he's God he's
got a nice physique man he looks
athletic right and he's cute he's
handsome right oh good he's good pick
man nice job nice job what else do we
what else do we know about it everybody
in town knows that he's been seen
cavorting with some strange woman some
strange woman well can you tell can you
tell us about who this strange woman is
you know what's going to happen you know
going to happen you know what this
doesn't say in Greek it doesn't say
she's a beautiful woman it says she's a
beautiful woman likee
thing she's a beautiful woman likee
[Music]
entity okay right there you stop and you
start to make the bridge to the
skilla we're talking about what is
beyond we're talking about the woman
on that
elevation that Ark whatever it is
pulling it right out of her jeans
through the gifts of the earth and the
poisons that kill us right pulling out
that woman is what they're
doing as an art isn't that gorgeous
welcome to the mystery welcome to the
mystery let's see what let's see see
their vampires you know everybody came
to see the vampires that's what that's
what we want so let's keep going and see
uh yeah oh what else is she what else is
this woman she is
graceful yeah delicate look who else is
what else is graceful
paranos
virgin this she has virgin
Grace virgin Grace they even put the
word grace on the second line there Kus
right The Graces who is that safo oh
safo oh you go girl you go oh and here
they are here they are these Graces um
this is what she this is what she looks
like you know he's just giving you a
feeling for who she is right next
one and she has wealth she has wealth
she never never is in need of anything
you see a r she never like she's you
know oh God I forgot
my nail clippers whatever right sorry
should I do that again oh God I forgot
my
drugs no she's always has around her
exactly what she needs for the situation
it's kind of weird she's full of this
resplendant wealth okay just radiates
from
her right good good give me the next one
he's hanging around with her he's
hanging around this this mopus right but
here's the thing the woman happened to
be a
fosma a fosma are you ready okay here
we're going to get into the
scientific
reality of vampires we're going to look
at the biology what are they
structurally they are a fosma can you
give me fosma Chewy what is a fosma an
apparition an apparition a phantom a
spectral
appearance right a phenomenon a
phenomenon now here's the here look how
we're swimming deeper isn't this
gorgeous just penetrating deeper just
slow slowly deeper deep just building
that little bit of pressure and just
pushing deeper and deeper into the
definition look what happens when we get
to number
three of shows or Mysteries as images or
types of
realities okay wait a minute now you
know you're in Greek and you're you
can't be anywhere else you can't be in
Kansas because people in
Kansas don't use this kind of language
okay
that's the different I'm just sticking
with the wizard of O's reference okay
all right that's all you can say
everybody modern is gonna have a hard
time right there's some nerdy physicist
somewhere who does Quantum stuff oh you
know what that's like okay good for that
you go go off to your closet man do what
you do look of shows or Mysteries as
images or types of
realities Mysteries
types of realities you know what it says
in Greek
Elon
fmao that means being
initiated being initiated right that mu
is the verb for to enter into the
initiation and what are you
doing right you're working the f
fasma working the fosma do you
understand that you cannot have a
mystery without this
[Music]
vampire you cannot have a mystery
without her she is referred to as the
half virgin half Viper that's directly
from the ancient Greek half virgin half
Viper
okay this is the
heroin this is the heroin of the temple
this is the Priestess this is what you
and I would call a temple
prostitute this is the heroine of our
story okay this is her so you understand
every time they talk about a god
ravishing and Priestess you
understand okay all right are we there
do we break through a kidna who put a
kidna that's gorgeous thank you very
much you're exactly right you're exactly
right right very nice hail the serpent
nice Valerie beautiful beautiful comment
okay give me the next one by the way
chewy keep throwing those great comments
up there because people need to know um
that last source that we were on we
didn't I didn't get all the way through
that but let's go ahead and keep mushing
pushing forward so what happens mopus is
out one night walking around and this
woman bumps into him she grabs him by
the hand and she says I I love you and
I've loved you for a long time and I
foa you do what you
fisa you do the
Fini yeah now
this will typically be translated I am
photian yeah not
necessarily not necessarily because to
do the
Phoenician right was not just to be an
ethnic phian and by the way Phan is a
Greek word did nobody see that give me
the next one oh go oh wait leave that up
here um are we at this point in the
story I think we're getting at this
point we're out there right walking
around oh God this is so wonderful
romantic kind of vampire you know what
you need romance and vampirism right you
can't separate the two you can't
separate you think the phenomenon is
fictional no it turns out it's all part
of it you want to see she's gonna
confess because we're gonna catch this
vampire tonight we get to catch her give
me the oh yep there she is beautiful
yeah beautiful look at he looks kind
of you know he looks like he's being
Charmed there a bit you know can you see
the charm coming out do you see the
charm of the vampire do you see the
charm oh God where is that space
somebody book my ticket Give me the give
me the next one okay so he's out there
with her and she takes his hand she says
look I'm going to do the fin right she
says I live in the suburbs of Corinth I
live in the suburbs of Corinth
yeah did we capture Corinth and anything
at least relatively there there's a map
people
gorgeous okay anyway let's get back to
get back to the next text the next text
boom I wanted you to see what does it
mean for her to be photian watch what
this verb means it means to readen did
you think that wait a minute I thought
it just meant to walk around and like
you know wear what Phoenicians do nope
watch what happen it means to readen
right in um in one dialect it's h maso
it's equivalent as hoso we'll look at
that in a second but I want you to see
the becoming the blood red to become red
in one case they translated is to imp
purple to imp purple did you know imp
purpling is a word I'm going to imp
purple ganam and then drink from
him do you understand P didly do do you
understand okay give me the next one
what is it to what is the blood thing
why watch this H and you didn't think we
were G to not talk about blood right
with vampires of course we are um look
at this verb H maso right to make bloody
to stain with blood to
draw blood do you know what vampires do
they draw
blood they draw blood isn't that
gorgeous the half virgin half vampire uh
excuse me half virgin half Viper she
draws blood she draws blood okay okay
why why watch she's GNA tell us she's
gonna tell us why she does it okay so
here she is with mopus keep going keep
going here she is and what happens she
says look come to me and when you come
there right you're going to hear me
singing you're going to get that voice
and you're going to get wine like you
have never had before and you know what
won't be in that place any sort of
rival no Rivals you know why because I'm
going to be living there
beautiful with a beauty of my own oh God
oh God do you know what he's he's she's
going to hear her voice
he's going to hear her voice okay do you
see the power right she is a fosma and
as he's walking doing his thing he's
able to hear her singing he's able to
hear her singing follows her voice what
do you think's gonna happen when they
get together what do you think's gonna
happen so abalonus whose student mopus
is going through all of this right he
ends up spending a lot of time with
her right and app onius meets him and he
says hey what's going on man he said
like I'm going to get married I'm going
to get married to her right men and
appius doesn't like that why is that
because appolloni as has been to the
Wilderness abalonus has been tried by
the
devil abalonus has eyes to see and he
knows a fasma when he sees her
right are you ready and he calls her out
he calls her out we end up capturing her
and she he says what were you going to
do what were you gonna do to the kid
let's see give me the next text did I I
think go yeah uh next
one um all this is going to happen
because the poor kid is has a weakness
to what to the
eroticon all right a
weakness the weakness the vampire uses
on
you is your erotic Drive do you remember
what Jesus did to Mary in the woods with
his semen in the book of the apocryphal
letters of
Mary right do you remember what he did
do you remember the exchange of the
substance yeah Flesh and Blood baby
flesh and blood and you only get it
through the
erotic you mean there's a communion that
I cannot do as a Christian yep do you
mean there's a communion I can't do as
a
polytheist yep you mean there's a
communion that I can't do
period unless I'm
invited and
shown yep
here it comes give it to me give me the
next
one you wanted to see it people and I'm
giving it to you right right in your
face are you ready are you
ready what does he do he spends the rest
of his time he spends the rest of his
time with her right he just he can't
something's wrong right he's under some
sort of spell he spends all of his time
with her and how does he do do it look
at the second line by
Deo as
if he was playing with
children like a child
he and
she play
together but he doesn't yet know her he
doesn't yet know her do you understand
and yes the verb to know is also the
verb to have
intercourse with
someone okay he doesn't know her yet do
you know how you know the fosma do you
know how you approach the blood and
flesh it's through the
erotic and this is why Jesus Christ
himself a mystery vampire was arrested
in a public park with a naked kid same
reason he is entering into the mystery
there is no other way the Christ can
come that's
it are you ready we're going to show you
in his own words we're going to show you
in his own words give me the next boom
where'd we go joy lay off the just
kidding so uh right no that's it give me
and um look here's just the children's
St stuff I just want you to notice prile
sportive kind of
wantedness right they often refer to
pans and saders in this sort of way
right they're not going to take you down
but you may get you know
harassed
seriously right don't worry the drugs
that we gave you they'll be kicking in
give me the next one um look people we
have to look at ancient cult if we're
not going to look at ancient cult and
what are we doing here um look so
abalonus sits him down he says look dude
let me tell you what's going on right he
says you're a good-look guy and
everything right and you're the you're
the one being haunted by all the
beautiful women right but right
now
you are burning a serpent and a serpent
is burning
you what is this verb burn that I'm
translating burn
falo what is the give me remember
abalonus is already been through it he's
been to the other side and back he
knows right so he can see things that
you and I can't same stuff Jesus is
doing oh the dude's full of demons cast
out as demons right it's the same world
we're living in this is still the first
century all right this is a text by the
way that nobody Christians don't read of
course of course they're not going to
read this
right it's frustrating theologians are
like are terrible they are PE dides they
take you into a sub basement somewhere
and they take advantage of you and dope
you up
right um yeah innocent to proven guilty
by the way just like Jesus I'm not a
trafficker right he's innocent just wait
for the mobs Watch What Happens what do
you do you heat or warm something
right you inflame with passion do you
know why the mystery has to involve the
erotic because you have to have the
flame the flame is the source of
everything in the
universe did you not pay attention in
Quantum ancient
metaphysics okay right who is who
possesses that flame baby Aeros does
Right comes you mean it all comes down
to
Aeros yes yeah yeah and I'll prove that
tonight just by saying one thing every
one of you sitting out there eating your
dinners taking your time spend here to
look at some esoteric but gorgeous stuff
yeah yeah um stop for a minute stop for
a minute and realize that we are in a
place that you can only be
drawn through
Aeros you got
here and I got here and she got here and
he got here and Y got
here all by the same
mechanism all of us got humped into
existence that's why we're here that AOS
is what brought us to
life
yeah fantastic let's see what is the
vampire right she's the one she's the
one who yields who holds who Masters
that
fire yeah she
Burns right oh wow wow give it to me
give me the next give me the next one
boom give me something gorgeous chewy
come on maybe that one that one yeah go
to that okay so here's where we are what
happens right he says look I just want
you to know aalon says look I just want
you to know what I'm trying to tell you
here is that this very you know helpful
nymph that you've been working with
right she is one of the
impusa right she we're talking about the
Lamey I bra the mormol
lucos oh my God wait who who let me tell
you what they do these
women um they're erotic right they're
erotic and what they
do throws
everything to Aphrodite throws
everything to those drugs throws
everything to that
drive that
drive what do they most especially like
they love the
flesh they love people flesh they love
man bits they love man bits and you know
what else it says here oh God they Shake
everything up they Shake everything up
with those aphrodesiac
they Shake everything
up why do they do that so they can cut
them into pieces and eat
them oh wow okay do I see her she makes
me afraid a little bit chewy did you get
a little bit of fear there from The
Vampire at the same time you're like wow
that's really that's really nice I mean
you know I could be eating I guess um
yeah let's look into the blood thing
before look before anybody calls it off
and says Nope vampires are out I'm out
of here let's look at what the benefits
are let's look at what the benefits are
right despite the fact that we already
know they've got this weird thing where
like they can come and catch people you
can come and catch people and just whisk
them away
dude all right give it to me um yeah
here's the here's the feasting yeah
here's the feasting we're gonna actually
have a big banquet on Justin Bieber give
me the next one give me the next one
wait what um give the next one what
happens here we caught her here's the
confession of the vampire people are you
ready these words are the confession of
a vampire right what does she
say she says
look I was fattening him up with the
pleasure so could be
food right and you know what I like she
likes that nice flesh what kind of Flesh
that nice n flesh she can only be
satisfied with the
N that young that young flesh why is
that why is that because she
says because the the
blood the blood of P Diddy's
victim is
pure
right right do you understand do you
understand it's pure blood now sometimes
you can bite in there and you be like oh
God looks pure
tainted that's no good doesn't work
right it's not what you need on the
regimen of drugs and aphrodisiacs that
are currently driving your mystery
performance do you understand okay
fantastic fantastic can you believe that
did somebody what was that
right oh my goodness do you realize what
what have we done we've opened up some
kind of portal here Diddy was just
Christ
thing do you know who we found we keep
that comment do you thank you Kyle um we
found the kid that was with Jesus in the
garden it turns out they've got him
right they've got him right now he's
going to be anonymous just like he was
when he was in the garden with
Jesus right okay good fantastic Pete
delicious right oh how many of them are
there going to be before you know now
look I know we're going to have weeks
here we're going to have weeks here of
it the drama playing out and everybody's
gonna be glued to it so fantastic
remember we're watching as somebody told
me just today Jesus incarnate we're
watching him go through his great
suffering for the
sins those sins that plague Humanity
it's amazing it's amazing to watch it
happen right I don't think he's going to
rise to the level of church though I'm
not sure doesn't sound like it give me
the next one because you know what are
you going to do use a lethal injection
for a you know or maybe just some prison
bars you know I don't know make
wanton let's not make wanton here right
who put that up there was that you chewy
I want you to see this
wordness this is the word for pure and
this is the blood I'm serious look what
is the first thing say in Greek people
you never believe me you dirty dirty
people never believe me you want it to
be right but you never believe me until
you see it look at this first line under
a right unmixed and pure look at the
Greek that is
blood pure from a girl
the
Kora the Kora I told you those paranoid
their blood is fantastic why because it
is
untouched it is
untouched it's chemistry it's why we all
got here it's that blood that draws us
that
communion if we didn't consume that none
of us would be here this is what brought
you all give it to me give it to me we
only have a couple more people where are
we coming to in our conclusions look at
Matthew this is Matthew's gospel K aen
amen look that's a form of my name there
amen Lego make Jesus Say My Name Say My
Name Jesus say my name
Jesus that one was on your you know
what here it is pull it up again I get
so excited when Jesus said my
name oh you know it got creepy as soon
as you see paa there you're like oh God
that's the same route for petas is yeah
okay
um right what is he saying
he's saying amen which is a magical
implication he's it's like a thing on
DNA that tells you to cut the DNA and
right here's where you stop kind of
thing right amen I'm saying to you if
you turn and
become like the
children if you do like the
children if you get your part
yeah you can enter the Kingdom of Heaven
you can enter the Kingdom of Heaven
unless you enter the pidea have you
entered it yet have you entered into
that communion with Jesus
Christ it's all about the blood all
about the blood in the
flesh he did give me the next one give
me the next one I want um why is he
saying this why is Jesus the dude who
talks about blood eat my drink my blood
eat my flesh all the time blood and
Flesh Blood and flesh right ra he's out
with Mary he's got his SE in his hand ah
eat this Mary for life right that
guy he's saying if you're gonna come to
me you got to enter into to do the kitty
thing okay I'm just telling you what he
said why
cuz that's vampires look chew's leaving
the room it's enough are you saturated
is that it you can't say vampire Jesus
is too much right um people just so that
you can see a second of Jesus the
vampire actually doing his vampire thing
remember this is the same guy who says
here here kids drink this drug it'll
kind of kill you but don't worry it
won't die it'll bring you back right and
I'll bring you back after so many days
right now I'm going to lay here on top
of you that's what he was talking
about right all of that stuff kids with
bandages and their private parts and all
that kind of stuff this is from the text
and what does he say here remember this
is after he has come back in his vampire
form and a lot of you don't know this
you just see Jesus and you see the the
nails in his hands or his wrists you
know whereever the artist happen to
think they were probably put right and
you see him there and he's
clown
Jesus right that's the Jesus we all know
what you didn't know is that the real
Jesus is a Vampire who's out for Virgin
blood and he's got a new
body he's got a resurrected form and do
you know what one of the traits of the
vampires
are they can assume different
forms you mean Jesus can show up and my
McDonald's and give me a hamburger
looking like he's 16 full of pimples yes
he
can how can he do that because he's got
a vampire body Bro Look at do you are do
you doubt me let's just look in the
Bible look in the Bible second to last
slide boom after these things
Jesus appeared to
two of these dudes walking
around and
assumed a different
shape as they walked to the to the
through the
fields right he assumes a different form
this is one of the powers of the vampire
you think you're going to see Jesus and
everybody's going to see him he's going
to be one way right he's going to be the
Jesus on the cross he's going to be no
dude has power to take different forms
this is standard stuff if you don't
understand this in the Bible it's
because you don't have any context you
haven't read it you don't know what
Lamey I are and by the way that's what
Jesus is
screaming Lama
sabakon Oh I thought it was Hebrew or
Aramaic cuz you're a knucklehead
do you see when you don't have context
you can say anything and people will
believe your lies people will believe
your lies What is the characteristic of
monism to follow lies lies people I am
drawn as a monest to the LIE the liar is
my googly
bear do you see that that's what the
devil knows it's the first thing he told
me is he was pushing me into the shoot
he was like oh and by the way they're
all freaking liars and they love
it I was like oh God what hole am I
going to and he's like shut up give me
the next one he's a lot nicer than that
give me the next one um look look oh
this is the final slide right the big
the big you know
finale I want you to listen carefully to
the voice of God himself
through the sun speaking through that
son's what does he say I counsel you
Christ your eyes so that you may see
abalonus from
Tiana you say Tiana
no Tiana but it's an ancient mean
word yeah might as well be Tiana
right what happens I counsel you Christ
yourself just like abalonus did if you
are a Christian today and you are
sitting there and you have not been
christed in your eyes with a drug that
opens them to the reality you are not
saved you are not saved you have not
been born again
your faith is a
lie a
lie give it up let it go it's pulling
you towards a dude who's arrested in a
public park with a naked
kid to the crows with all the monis to
the
crows chewy I want to say a special than
thank you tonight um for the most
outstanding intro and exit I think that
I it's my personal favorite I really
like it and I think you know you need a
you need a special pad on the back can
people please say you know hey good job
chewy nice job chewy right because chewy
gets attacked too right people you know
people are crazy today right right no
stop it chewy comments this is chewy
time I want people one of them aspects
of this um show that I like doing so
much is bringing you that intro and exit
because we walk through we walk through
some of the images that are so
profoundly important to the Mysteries
and it tells a story thanks to Teddy and
his storytelling
tongue you know you're getting the big
picture so thank you teddy and thank you
chewy for producing these and videos and
I hope everybody will watch it please
put some kind of comment down right you
like things you don't like things you
you know something great there you want
to point it out please point it out
because chewy needs a pad on the back
every once in a while right love you
chewy see how many people love you chewy
look at this right chewy and Teddy work
hard yeah that's right they do the so
remember this right chewy there's a lot
of people out there who who who um love
and support your big hairy ass okay hit
it hail Satan triple beams Elemental
pece dness through dreams dancing to the
bank take it to the river with the water
Beast
Slither Scorpion and snake venom M I
send you to heaven fractional
distillation drip or's Rings grip they
could St it strong only take a little
bit it'll get right on top of you you'll
be seeing the
craziness Up in Smoke purple
haziness doing my thing driving down the
lane first come first serve kachang line
tall black is your soul from the
bank where did the children go Jeepers
Creepers that snake weed was strong
Vampirella fly on